[Helicopters fly in]
[Marching drum beat starts]
In 1972 a crack commando unit was sent to prison by a military court for a crime they didn’t commit.
[Helicopter lands]
These men promptly escaped from a maximum-security stockade to the Los Angeles underground.
[Zoom into view of Los Angeles at sunset]
Today, still wanted by the government they survive as soldiers of fortune.
If you have a problem. If no one else can help. If you can find them. Maybe you can hire, The A-Team.
[Gunshots]
“The A Team”]
[Series of quick action clips to follow]
[Explosion of truck]
[Helicopters]
[Characters dressed up in costume smoke and signal each other]
[Hannibal pictured jumping out of helicopter]
Starring George Peppard as John “Hannibal” Smith
[Faceman appears putting on a hat and winking]
[Faceman watched people pass by him]
[Faceman puts on glasses]
[Faceman smiles]
Dirk Benedict
[Murdoch is seen in chefs uniform]
[Murdoch is flying a plane in pilots gear]
[Murdoch is dressed up in costume talking to a sock puppet on his hand]
[Murdoch is in a wedding gown]
[Murdoch appeard in sideways ball cap pushing his face to the side]
Dwight Schmultz
[Baracus buts open door with his foot as planks fly out]
[Baracus turns slowly to face the camera]
[Baracus with fist raised, slowly smiles]
[Baracus in drivers seat, slowly looks over his shoulder]
And Mr. T as B.A.Baracus
[Car drive through wall of building, crashing]
Co-Executive Producer Frank Lupo
[Helicopter chases line of cars on empty road in the hills]
Created by Frank Lupo & Stephen J. Cannell
Music Mike Post and Pete Carpenter
[Car somes to sliding stop, splashing into water]
Supervising Producer Jo Swerling, Jr.
[Car speeds over bump and flips]
Producer John Ashley
[music ends and screen goes black]